Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
[THE HUNT]
[1992, Jialin City, Nanyang Province]
Take your time. No one's rushing you.
Sir,
I'd like a fried egg
and a chicken leg.
Bring them.
Ni Xiangdong,
you'll be 16 in two years.
If you commit crimes then,
do you know what your sentence will be?
Okay, thanks.
Sentence me then.
What?
Look how cocky you are.
If you get sentenced to death,
who will you cry to?
You think no one can control you,
but the law can.
Stealing needles as a child;
Stealing gold as an adult.
You can hit and hurt people now,
and you dare to kill people in the future!
I wouldn't dare.
I'm not stupid.
[Will one person]
[have two completely different faces?]
[Episode 5]
Have the baby.
I'll raise it.
Just say the word.
I'll explain everything to Dong.
Stop talking.
I'll pretend I never heard that.
Later on,
as you probably guessed,
I dumped Ni Xiangdong
and got together with Xiaojun.
Xiaojun is a good man.
He does a lot but says little.
[Internal Medicine Ward]
He's caring and family-oriented.
He has never
provoked those people outside.
He's very good to Tianbao,
treats him like his own son
and loves him.
Then we got married.
He gave us a home.
That's all?
That's all.
Why did you come to Weihai?
After Tianbao was born,
we headed north,
taking odd jobs along the way.
We did whatever paid,
dirty or exhausting work.
We took everything.
First, it was
to pay for Tianbao's treatment,
using money to save his life.
Another reason was
to avoid having any
connection with that person.
[No Smoking]
Now,
Tianbao's old enough
to start school.
And the hospitals here
could treat Tianbao's condition,
so we stayed.
What about Ni Xiangdong?
When did he come?
About the same time.
Did he follow you here?
Xiaojun said
they met at a construction site
by coincidence.
When Xiaojun told me about it,
I was shocked too.
Ni Xiangdong also said
it was just a coincidence.
When they met again,
[No Smoking]
how was their relationship?
According to Xiaojun, it was fine.
Ni Xiangdong
kept calling him brother,
and always said
he wanted to buy Xiaojun a drink.
Anyway, he never
mentioned anything
about what happened before.
Xiaojun saw he wasn't
bringing up the past,
so the tension between them eased.
What do you think?
Of course I felt awkward.
But Xiaojun
[Internal Medicine Ward]
was a man who values relationships.
After all, they're from the same hometown,
so they had to keep up appearances.
Ni Xiangdong said it's all in the past,
but in fact...
What do you think?
Did he come to you in private?
You have to tell the truth
so that we can help you.
Yes.
What did he say?
He cornered me
at the place where I was doing cleaning,
talking about my son,
and insisted Tianbao is his son.
I don't know
where he heard that from.
I never said anything like that.
Suddenly, he went crazy
and said he wanted to be with me.
Did Cao Xiaojun know
he was harassing you?
Xiaojun worked hard labor,
exhausting himself every day.
I didn't want to trouble him.
Besides, I knew
how to handle it myself.
Later, Ni Xiangdong
approached me several more times.
I rejected him every time.
I never expected this guy
would never change.
But on the surface, he acted
like nothing was wrong.
He and Xiaojun were still
all smiles every day,
working together.
Until October 1st, when
the two of them were drinking,
then they started arguing
and he said...
It's my fault that Xiaojun got killed.
It's my fault.
I didn't expect
Ni Xiangdong to be so ruthless.
What did Ni Xiangdong say?
What happened?
He said Xiaojun
doesn't deserve to be Tianbao's dad,
and want him to return...
his son.
Otherwise...
Otherwise, they would die together.
Such important information,
why didn't you mention it before?
I thought it was just drunk talk.
I never thought Ni Xiangdong would...
I didn't think he would dare.
Give me your phone.
Ni Xiangdong is highly suspected.
If he contacts you,
tell us immediately.
Also, recently,
don't leave Weihai.
Keep your phone on
and accessible.
[Call Record]
Sun!
Are you home?
You...
Sun!
Into the room.
Coming.
What are you doing, old brother?
Taking so long to open the door.
What's going on?
What happened?
Have you
heard that thing?
What thing?
They say Cao Xiaojun
was killed.
This news
has spread all over Anhe Village.
Today
the police even came to Lyu
to verify the situation.
They asked about
Dong and Cao Xiaojun.
Lyu suspects
that the person
might have been killed by Dong.
Dong seems like such an honest person.
How could he be so brutal?
But it makes sense.
The dogs that bite
never show their teeth.
We were thinking
if this drags on,
the police might offer a reward
for providing information.
If someone catches him,
that's quite a bit of money.
Old brother,
aren't you close with Dong?
Maybe one day he'll come to you.
You could catch him
and turn him in to the police station.
And you'd be worry-free
for the rest of your life.
Do you have any alcohol inside?
What's wrong, brother?
Nothing.
Well,
I have something to do tonight.
I, uh,
haven't delivered the vegetables
yet.
They need them urgently.
You need to deliver vegetables?
I was hoping to have a drink with you.
We already agreed.
Let's drink when I get back.
Alright,
another day then.
You go ahead with your business.
Okay.
I'm leaving.
Okay, Danian.
Bye, old brother.
Let's drink next time.
Okay.
It's only the second day.
Looks like the case
is about to be solved, Mentor.
What? Solved?
Don't you think something's wrong?
Her attitude is not right.
This morning she was very negative.
With us, she was always
in a resistant state, right?
Now she's spilled everything at once.
She didn't say it at home,
maybe afraid Tianbao would hear.
But now we have real evidence.
This isn't so simple.
The things she said
were too many and too important.
Everything is stuck
at the most critical point.
It feels fake.
Let me tell you,
this kind of lie
is the hardest to detect.
This case is clearly
heading toward a crime of passion.
Ni Xiangdong came back to find her,
then their old feelings rekindled,
and he asked to get back together.
Then he directed his anger at Cao Xiaojun
and killed him in a fit of rage.
She's keeping herself
completely clean of it.
Whether morally
or legally,
it's all their business,
nothing to do with her.
She's portraying herself as
a perfect victim.
Use your brain at work.
Hurry back to the station.
Hao!
Mom.
Why are you here?
Why can't I come?
Is there any problem for me to see my son?
No problem.
Why are you wearing so little?
You might catch a cold.
No, I'm fine.
I'm accompanying your father
to visit some old comrades.
We'll leave tomorrow
and won't disturb your work.
Okay.
You must be Meng.
Ma'am.
Hello.
My son talks about you all the time.
You've always been
a good role model for him.
Hao is great too.
Really?
He's hardworking
and good police material.
He's impatient.
He must cause you a lot of trouble.
No, not at all.
It's my duty.
What duty?
Young men
are hard to manage.
Please take extra care
and look after him.
Please don't worry.
Oh, right.
Wait.
I brought you some buns.
I just made these buns.
I made them myself.
He's loved these since he was little.
-Really?
-He loves eating my buns.
They're still warm.
Share some with your Mentor later.
Okay.
Did you hear that?
Wait a moment.
Alright, I'm leaving now.
I'm leaving.
Here.
Take this medicine.
If you sneeze or anything,
take it as prevention.
-Okay.
-You hear me?
Are you crying?
I'm not crying.
It's just the wind.
Alright, go on. It's fine.
Tell Dad not to drink too much.
Take care of yourself.
I'll be fine.
Did you hear me?
I'm leaving.
Alright.
You're not wearing enough.
Both of you are not wearing enough!
Put on more clothes!
Bye.
I'm a grown man now.
Still bringing food and medicine to me.
All parents are like this.
It's good.
[Police]
Is it?
Is your mom's cooking not so good?
Never had the chance to taste it.
[Police]
Captain Ma.
The result is out.
That half of the ear
matches Cao Xiaojun's DNA.
Okay.
Besides,
we received a memory card
with photos inside.
Except him,
there was another person at the scene.
Where did this memory card
come from? Any fingerprints?
[Wu Ximei]
Still comparing.
The envelope
was found at Wu Ximei's
neighbor's place.
No fingerprints on the memory card.
The envelope
only had Wu Ximei's name on it.
I think it was delivered personally.
I guess the photographer
wanted to deliver this
to Wu Ximei,
but got the address wrong
and delivered it to her neighbor.
Then the neighbor called the police.
After going around in circles,
it ended up with us.
The handwriting was deliberately disguised
so Wu Ximei wouldn't recognize it.
That means the person who took the photo
is close to Wu Ximei's family.
What does he want to do?
Blackmail her?
Or report to the police?
Why didn't he come directly to us?
Afraid of retaliation?
This photo is strange too.
Wang, zoom in on his eyes.
But look,
look at him.
He didn't seem to realize someone
was secretly taking his picture.
And the person taking the photo,
Did this person bump into him?
Was it by chance?
Or
was it planned?
Could Ni Xiangdong
have an accomplice?
Something happened
and turned them against each other?
Whatever the case,
these are all clues.
Since someone has already photographed
Ni Xiangdong dumping the body
at Mount Fufeng,
our main focus now
for investigation
is this Ni Xiangdong.
Gengsheng, take down this number.
138-
0631-
3484.
Check the owner's information.
I've called this number before.
Sun Chuanhai.
[Name: Sun Chuanhai]
I'm
from Guanhai Criminal Investigation Unit,
Ma Chihua.
[Police]
I'd like to ask you some questions.
Don't be nervous.
No one's here.
No one?
No one.
Where's Ni Xiangdong?
Dong?
Liu Zheng, go over there.
Be careful.
Okay.
Why did you call Wu Ximei?
Look,
you called twice,
back to back.
Think before you speak.
Don't be nervous.
It's alright.
This call was made by Ni Xiangdong, right?
When we notified you this morning,
why didn't you tell us?
What you did
could get others killed.
Do you understand?
Can't you speak properly?
Young people are so impulsive.
Don't mind him.
What did Ni Xiangdong say when he came?
Not much.
He just called Wu Ximei
and asked me if Xiaojun
had been in any trouble lately.
How would I know?
Besides Cao Xiaojun's matter,
what else did he say?
I told Dong
something before.
My nephew took a waterproofing job
for a bookstore owner.
My nephew told me
that the bookstore owner's wife
has an accent
that sounds like she's from Nanyang.
Her age and height
are similar to
the fellow villager he's looking for.
Which bookstore?
Do you remember the address?
It's on Zhongshan Road,
called Rainbow Bookstore.
So what about Ni Xiangdong?
After I took your call,
he left.
Does he have any
relatives or friends
here in Weihai?
I mean,
does he have
a place to stay?
I really don't know, honestly.
Wait.
Sun Chuanhai,
when we called you,
Ni Xiangdong was there, right?
Yes.
Why didn't you tell us?
I thought
there was a problem with the car.
Dong's car
is registered under my name.
I was afraid if there was an accident,
it would cause me trouble.
That's why I didn't tell you.
If you're afraid of trouble,
then why did you
register his car under your name?
I just wanted to repay his kindness.
Sit down.
Don't be so agitated.
Repay kindness?
What kindness?
My son, Sun Xiaofei,
worked with Dong
and Xiaojun at the same construction site.
Later, Xiaofei had an accident.
He fell from upstairs.
That day, Dong and Xiaojun
were the first to call an ambulance
and took my son to the hospital.
People at the site said
they weren't even close.
Dong is a man of few words
and doesn't talk much with anyone.
My son actually had
some good friends there.
But when trouble came,
they all backed down.
Only Dong and Xiaojun
stepped up to help.
When Xiaofei was taken to the hospital,
he was already beyond saving.
How did Ni Xiangdong
and Cao Xiaojun know each other?
Probably at the construction site.
When Dong asked me to buy a car,
he mentioned
they were as close as brothers.
Officer,
Dong is truly a good person.
If you don't believe me,
you can ask others.
Anyone working with Dong
said he was good.
You said he broke the law.
I really don't believe it.
You didn't even
have some water.
Don't bother.
Sorry for the trouble.
Let me lock the door.
Lock the door.
Don't feel burdened.
Okay.
Ni Xiangdong got away this time.
If he commits another crime,
would this old man be considered
harboring a criminal?
Wait a minute.
Don't just criticize others.
Let's talk about you.
What mistakes did you make?
I shouldn't have scared the interviewee.
I shouldn't have revealed
too much information about the suspects.
I should ask leading questions.
What else?
And,
I shouldn't make subjective assumptions.
Anything else?
That's all, I think.
How can that be all?
You missed the most important point.
When we entered the yard,
you rushed in headfirst.
What if when you entered the room,
Ni Xiangdong was cornered inside
and attacked you?
What you learn in school
is one thing,
but working in the field is another.
We're police officers, not police dogs.
Never let your legs
move faster than your brain.
Think things through
before taking action.
Okay, got it.
[Ni Xiangdong] [Rainbow Bookstore,
Sun Chuanhai, Repaying kindness]
[Ni Xiangdong] [Worker Sun Xiaofei,
Accident fall to death, Compensation]
[Ni Xiangdong] [Reason for going north:
Wanting his son Cao Tianbao back]
Mentor, who do you think is lying?
[Ni Xiangdong]
[Remittance: Xu Caizeng]
Sun Chuanhai or Wu Ximei?
These two were describing
completely different people.
What game is Ni Xiangdong playing?
A reformed criminal?
There aren't that many
genuine redemption stories.
Most are just like turtles
taking a break on shore.
I've been a detective for so many years.
I only believe in humanity.
A leopard can't change its spots.
How could Ni Xiangdong possibly
have changed so dramatically
in just a few years?
[Ni Xiangdong]
[Beneficiary of insurance: Wu, Cao]
How's the neighborhood interview going?
We asked around.
We questioned all the neighbors,
but nobody saw
anyone delivering a letter
to that neighbor's house.
[Anhe Village Communal Apartment]
Get someone
to check nearby surveillance cameras.
Okay.
[Ni Xiangdong] [Cao Xiaojun]
[Wu Ximei] [Cao Tianbao]
There must be something.
Following today's
batch of remittance slips,
we actually found something.
Ni Xiangdong has been
paying this account these years,
and only to this one account has he ever
transferred money.
It's this man Xu Caizeng.
But I've investigated Xu Caizeng.
His background is clean,
with no criminal record.
On Ni Xiangdong's insurance policy,
he listed Cao Tianbao
because that's his son.
But what's the deal with this Xu Caizeng?
Why keep sending him money?
This isn't money laundering.
[Postal Remittance Receipt of China Post]
Just a few hundreds. This isn't right.
We don't have enough leads.
Something must be wrong with Ni Xiangdong.
We need to investigate further.
[Criminal Investigation Unit]
I've already contacted
the Nanyang authorities.
Okay.
Hurry up
and get over there.
Okay.
How about this?
Xia.
Captain Ma.
Ms. Xia.
Xia, these are some treats
for Captain Ma?
Hey, Tong.
What are you staring at?
Come here. I need a word with you.
Take this.
It's fine.
I can just grab something
to eat on the way.
How many dishes are these?
What are you thinking about?
I made this for your mom.
Last time I visited her,
she mentioned
she was craving stewed chicken.
She's been thinking about it,
but was afraid
she couldn't make it properly.
Don't sneak a taste.
She never mentioned it to me.
You're so busy every day,
might as well live at the station.
Even if your mom wanted to tell you,
she'd have to reach you first.
Yes.
She has high blood pressure.
Don't take her out to eat too often.
Those restaurants use
too much oil and salt,
with no restraint.
Alright.
I'll talk to her later
this evening.
Well...
She can't finish it all by herself.
It's fine. I'll help her eat some.
Why are you so talkative?
[Honor Above All. Duty Beyond Measure.]
Thanks.
Where have you been?
Aren't we going to visit your mom?
I prepared something.
Luckily there was a shop
selling these inside.
Flowers.
You've got yellow and white ones?
L-Let's go.
Come on.
Well...
Rushing over there late at night
isn't appropriate, is it?
What's inappropriate about it?
We'll pack up our things
and go back to work overtime.
We have an early flight tomorrow.
Isn't that perfect?
Mentor,
which floor do you live on?
We're here.
Are we?
This floor.
Wait a moment.
They're playing mahjong.
Having fun.
Wh-Who's playing?
My mom.
Your mom?
You...
Why didn't you tell me earlier
that your mom is still alive?
My mom just has synovitis.
Why would you think she's gone?
Haven't you ever eaten
your mother's cooking?
My mom doesn't cook.
I ate at the cafeteria when I was young.
Mom.
I can't help winning.
Oh my goodness.
She can't help.
Having fun?
Zhao's back.
Hello, Auntie Zhang.
Tong came to visit you.
Hello, Auntie.
Well, he's from
the Tong family...
The clever one.
-The smart one in our team.
-Tong, take a seat.
I'm on a winning streak right now
and have no time to talk to you.
There's food on the table.
Help yourself.
Okay, Auntie.
Meng Zhao, take care of him.
Okay.
This is chicken soup
that Xia Jie made for you.
Remember to put it in the fridge tonight.
Look how filial your son is.
Filial?
Xia's such a nice girl,
but they had to get divorced.
He never listens to me. Look...
Alright.
Every time I come back,
it's the same conversation.
What else am I supposed to say?
I hardly ever see you.
Now that I've caught you,
I have to say something,
and you're already impatient.
Tong brought you
a gift.
What?
It's fine.
This isn't appropriate.
It's fine. Just show it.
Mentor.
Look how thoughtful Tong is.
No, it's not like that.
It's okay.
There are both yellow and white ones.
-It's okay.
-Don't...
Did you just lose?
Did you pay me
that round earlier?
Here.
Come on.
I'll go pack my things.
Going on a business trip?
Look,
always out catching criminals.
That's all he's doing.
That's his job, isn't it?
Yes, young people these days
prioritize their careers.
I heard
that Meng Zhao's grandfather
almost didn't make it back
when he followed the troops
to liberate Nanyang.
No one knows what illness he caught.
His grandmother at that time
really wanted to go to Nanyang too.
But his grandfather wouldn't allow it.
His grandfather said
the climate there
was too different from ours
and worried she wouldn't adapt.
So in the end,
Meng Zhao's great-uncle
asked your grandfather
for help.
That's how he was transferred
back to Weihai
and became a police officer.
Did you know that?
I've never heard my father mention this.
What else does your father do
besides catching criminals?
He's hardly ever home.
How many conversations
have you even had with him?
If it weren't for your grandfather...
Alright, have an orange.
Okay.
Alright, we're leaving now.
Go ahead.
I don't know
where you're going this time.
Just
be careful.
-It's okay.
-As I said,
-come back safely, okay?
-No arrest.
Goodbye, Auntie.
Goodbye.
Your leg's
acupuncture is tomorrow afternoon.
Don't forget.
Don't worry about me.
Just take care of yourself.
I'm off.
Be careful.
[Jialin Criminal Investigation]
Sir, the suspect who stole
your bike has been caught.
I'll contact you later
to collect your bike.
Thank you.
Many thanks to you police officers then.
Have some tea.
You're welcome.
You can come to us for anything.
We'll do our best to help.
Large leaf variety.
Come find us if you need anything else.
Alright.
Have some tea.
Thank you.
Wang.
Go check.
Mr. Xu should be here by now.
He might be in my office.
Please bring him over.
Yes, Director Jiang.
Thank you for your help, Director Jiang.
Don't mention it.
There's something I need to tell you.
Those two people you're looking for,
I really don't know them.
But I've found someone for you.
This Mr. Xu I just mentioned.
First, he's from the north,
so you'll communicate well.
Second,
he used to work at the grassroots level.
No one is more suitable than him.
Director Jiang.
I'm sorry.
I'm late.
My scooter
had some issues.
You're still using
that kind of excuse?
You were drinking last night, weren't you?
Just a little bit.
It's not a problem.
I didn't break any rules.
Rules?
What rules?
You're already retired.
Don't keep talking about
breaking rules all the time.
These two are colleagues from Weihai.
-Meng Zhao. Officer Meng.
-Meng Zhao.
Tong.
Thank you.
Hello.
Don't mention it.
Director Jiang here
called me back
to make use of my experience.
Have a seat.
You said you wanted to know about
Ni Xiangdong and Cao Xiaojun,
right?
Yes.
For this matter,
you've come to the right person.
I'm retired now anyway.
So,
I can be more discreet
about what I say.
Good.
Time flies.
It's been over 10 years.
When I was transferred
from the provincial capital to Jialin,
I thought
this small city would be more relaxed.
But after arriving, I found
this little Jialin
was full of hidden dangers.
That was years ago.
It's all been cleaned up now.
Those criminals
were executed,
and the rest are still in prison.
Director Jiang is referring to
the Bao family in the north
and the Liang family in the south.
Ni Xiangdong and Cao Xiaojun
don't even rank.
They first
started hanging around Huayuan Street.
Later, Liang Da from the Liang family
gave Ni Xiangdong a dock
to manage.
Fishing boss.
Just collecting protection money,
and smuggling too.
He was executed.
Liang Da?
He was shot to death in 2007.
Yes.
Drug trafficking.
Right.
Sorry for interrupting.
Please continue.
It's fine.
Executed.
Actually, I can say
I watched Ni Xiangdong and Cao Xiaojun
grow from small-time thugs
into big-time gangsters.
At that time, we
couldn't contact his parents either.
Maybe in 1992...
Get up!
Giving up?
Police are here!
-Police!
-Freeze!
Stop!
Freeze!
Stop right now!
Stop!
Freeze!
Come here!
Stop!
Still trying to run?
Ni Xiangdong.
You again.
What did I tell you before?
Wasted my words.
They hit me first!
Put your shoes on.
You're so stubborn.
They hit you.
Did you fight back?
Fighting back means mutual assault.
Whose motorcycle is this?
Mine.
Stolen, right?
I bought it with my own money.
Where did you get the money?
My boss gave it to me.
Get it up.
Take it away.
Look.
He was so young,
yet so vicious.
This scar,
I'll have it for life.
Ni Xiangdong is that kind of person.
Wicked
and cunning.
He's never been a good person
since childhood.
What about Cao Xiaojun?
Cao Xiaojun,
compared to him,
is somewhat more honest.
He's the type who's
ruthless but doesn't talk much.
Anyway, when he breaks the law,
he admits it.
He often covers for Ni Xiangdong,
takes the blame, cleans up his mess.
Director Jiang,
here's Xu Caizeng's file.
I've just contacted
the Beikang Town police station
and they've confirmed
that the residential address
is Group Six in Yafen Village.
If necessary,
they can also help
by sending someone as a guide.
Okay, no problem. You can go.
Alright.
Xu.
Do you remember?
Let me see.
Xu Caizeng?
Look.
[Xu Caizeng, Registration:
Jialin City, Nanyang Province]
[Resident Registration Form]
[Name: Xu Caizeng]
Meng,
I remember Yafen Village
has difficult roads.
If you're
worried about
troubling the officers here,
[As Officers, We Serve.
In Law Enforcement, We Care.]
I can go with you.
I have nothing to do anyway.
Mentor.
It's fine.
[As Officers, We Serve.
In Law Enforcement, We Care.]
Mr. Xu, there's no need.
We're just looking around.
We're not making arrests.
Just the two of us is enough.
[As Officers, We Serve.
In Law Enforcement, We Care.]
Actually, I don't mind the trouble.
I know all the procedures.
[Residential Registration Form]
[Name: Xu Caizeng]
[Resident Registration Form]
[Name: Xu Qingli]
[Criminal Investigation Unit
of Jialin City Public Security Bureau]
Move aside.
Officer Meng.
Mr. Xu.
Don't worry,
I'm not trying to follow you.
Whatever Ni Xiangdong did
in your jurisdiction,
it's not my place to ask.
But I know this Jialin area
very well.
[Youth Supermarket]
My name is Xu Qingchun,
meaning "Youth Without Regrets."
I'm leaving.
Okay.
Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Thank you, Mr. Xu.
Youth Without Regrets.
Why do I feel that the old guy
is still hiding something?
Show some respect.
Xu is older than your father.
Let's go.
Mentor,
is this your arrangement?
We're lucky to even have this vehicle.
Larger vehicles can't even
make it up this road.
Get off now.
Walk that way
and you'll reach Yafen Village.
Sir, please
just drive us up there.
Drive further?
My chicks are already overheated.
It's so hot today.
You can walk.
Get off. Get off now.
Get off. The chicks are getting carsick.
Ma'am, on such a hot day,
you want us to hike up?
What's more important, people or chickens?
Which way?
Hand me the map.
Isn't this Yafen Village?
It's only about half a mile, at most.
Let's go.
At most half a mile. Come on.
Really?
Yes.
Are you sure?
But according to the map,
shouldn't we go backward?
No,
we definitely need to go forward.
Let's take a break.
No more breaks.
The more we rest,
the more tired we'll get.
Mentor, this place is deserted.
Where is everyone?
Are they working in the fields?
Hello.
Someone's here.
There's someone. Let's go.
Sir!
Sir,
is Xu Caizeng
in this village?
Xu Caizeng from Group Six.
What do you want?
We're from Weihai Police.
Hello.
Officers,
what brings you here?
Nothing. We're just here
to gather some information.
What's happened with my uncle now?
No, nothing.
We're just passing by.
Yes.
This is the old village.
Many people have moved
to the new village across the mountain.
Now there are only
7 or 8 households left.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Here, have some tea.
Okay.
[Li Gao]
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Uncle!
Officers,
what may I call you?
I'm Meng Zhao,
and this is Tong Hao.
Tong Hao.
Nice to meet you, Officer Meng.
I'm Xu Qingdong,
the head of the village committee.
You can call me Xu.
Officers,
why are you looking for Uncle Caizeng?
Just asking some questions.
Yes, just inquiring.
Just gathering information.
This is Uncle Caizeng.
Uncle Caizeng is old now.
His eyesight is poor,
and his hearing has deteriorated
in recent years.
He can't do heavy work anymore.
He relies on
support from the village.
Has anyone been
sending him money recently?
Right.
Now that you mention it,
I almost forgot about that.
Indeed,
he occasionally receives some money.
Sir.
Regarding the money,
you can ask me.
Uncle Caizeng isn't able to go.
I always take the receipt
to town to collect it for him.
I know better than him.
Do you know who's
been sending the money?
I don't know.
Someone called Ni Xiangdong, right?
No such person in the village?
No, there isn't.
Then do you know
why he keeps sending money?
Maybe
he feels sorry for the old man.
They say the wealthy develop a conscience.
I think
Uncle Caizeng is blessed,
caught the eye of a rich man.
So you're saying
you don't know who's sending the money
and
why he keeps sending it?
Who would refuse free money?
Is there something wrong with this money?
Take a look at this.
Does this person look familiar? Look.
Dad!
I'm going to school!